feat(Icon): add Icon component (#8050)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Icon/examples/Icon.md

import AngleRightIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/angle-right-icon';
import AngleDownIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/angle-down-icon';
import CogIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/cog-icon';
import PlusCircleIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/plus-circle-icon';
import ExclamationCircleIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/exclamation-circle-icon';
import ExclamationTriangleIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/exclamation-triangle-icon';
import CheckCircleIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/check-circle-icon';
import InfoCircleIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/info-circle-icon';
import BellIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/bell-icon';

## Examples

### Basic

```ts file="IconBasic.tsx"
```

### Sizes

```ts file="IconSizes.tsx"
```

### Status colors

The following example demonstrates the various status variants of an icon. Keep in mind that these icons are displayed out of a typical context, and that you should not rely on color alone to convey status to users.

```ts file="IconStatus.tsx"
```

> ### Sizing content within the icon container
> 
> Providing both container and content size properties allow an icon to maintain a consistent size, even if the contents change in size.

Reviewer: Or maybe something like

```
### Sizing both icon and iconSize separately

Providing both size and iconSize properties allow the icon and icon container to be sized independently.
```

```suggestion
### Sizing an icon within the icon container

Providing both size and iconSize properties allows the icon container to maintain a consistent size, even if the icon changes in size.
```
